Hi everyone, this is Unreal Fusion.
Today I will show you how to I recreate
the Hawaiian landscape using Unreal
Engine 5.6 from importing height maps.
Okay. Water forage and other things is a
beginner friendly workflow using Vin
engine 5.6. Let's jump. Okay. First of
all, this is a final work. This cook
remover will creates this icon using a
layered material. As you can see this is
a water
order.
Uh let's take a look in Google maps.
Look at this.
As you can see this is the Hawaii map
here in 5.6 Six
snowy mountain and you can look at this
in my Google maps.
It looks the same but the folish is
different between fish. Look at this the
same map.
Okay, let's go. Okay, first thing first,
let's begin
and don't save. Let's create a new
project.
Rename it how I open the angel.
Go to games to third person. Name the
project how I landscape. Hit create.
Okay. Now let's go to file. Create new
level. Set empty level. Hit create.
Okay. Now let's go here to the landscape
and import it from the height map. The
height map. How I height map landscape
in the link in the description.
Okay. Hide my P. Choose this one. I have
two bikes. This how high and this one. I
want to choose this for now. Okay. It's
a bigger hide map
around 8 kilome per. Okay. Now, let's go
here. Set the speed camera 32.
Import the landscape.
mistakes sometimes because it's heavy
height map.
After that, let's save my level. Save
level.
Set new map.
Now let's go here to the window. Let's
set up the lighting environment light
mixer.
Create skylight the directional light
sky atmosphere.
Create height for volutric cloud and
close this.
Now this is my first look of my how I
height map models and
this is landscape. Okay. Now the next
setup is to go here to add my material
here.
Let's go here to the content drawer add.
Go to fab and search for MW landscape
auto material.
download this assets. It's for free MW
landscape auto material and add to my
project. After downloading this package
and adding it to the project, close
this. Okay, for me I already downloaded
this.
Okay, now select the landscape right
here. Once it's selected, go down
landscape material material in displays.
Go to the content drawer landscape auto
material material landscape.
Okay, we want to choose this landscape
material.
Select this and press here.
Let's take some times to apply all the
texture.
Be patient.
Okay, the texture are done. OTC
receiving audit package.
Okay, this is my Hawaii map. Let's go
down and let's add player character
right here.
Let's go here. Go to basics. Player
start.
Okay,
let's play.
Okay, this is my map.
Okay, we are missing the fork right
here.
Okay, let's fix this problem. Let's go
Med
exponential head.
Okay, it's fixed.
Okay, fine. Okay, thank you guys for
watching this or for this tutorial.
Subscribe to the channel. Uh, hit
command, like and donate.